fix(external-plugins) add note for extra dependencies for JS plugins (#2775)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway-oss/2.4.x/external-plugins.md

}
```

#### 3. Plugin dependencies

When using the plugin server, plugins are allowed to have extra dependencies, as long as the

> directory that holds plugin source codes also include a `node_modules` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directory that holds plugin source code also includes a `node_modules` directory.
```

> Assume plugins are stored under `/usr/local/kong/js-plugins`, the extra dependencies are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming plugins are stored under `/usr/local/kong/js-plugins`, the extra dependencies are
```

> then defined in `/usr/local/kong/js-plugins/package.json`. Developer will also need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then defined in `/usr/local/kong/js-plugins/package.json`. Developers also need to
```

run `npm install` under `/usr/local/kong/js-plugins` to install those dependencies locally
into `/usr/local/kong/js-plugins/node_modules`.

Note in this case, the node version and architecture that runs the plugin server and

> the one runs `npm install` under plugins directory must match. For example, it may break

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the one that runs `npm install` under plugins directory must match. For example, it may break
```

would "node" be better than "one"?
